docs: update README.md (#1120)
coveo/cli: packages/ui/atomic/tempdoc/README.md

# Atomic Custom Component Starters (alpha)

> Note that the solutions and commands described here are in alpha. Their behavior may change without warning.

## Create the component

To create a custom result component, enter:
`npm init @coveo/atomic-result-component [nameOfTheComponent]`

To create a custom generic component, enter:
`npm init @coveo/atomic-component [nameOfTheComponent]`

You may run the previous command several times at the root of your repo to initialize multiple components, so long as you use a different name each time.

## Generated project structure

The project generated by those commands consist of two parts:

- The sandbox page, in `src/pages`: try out your component directly by manipulating the page.
- The components packages, in `src/components`: each component is its own package.

## Developing

1.  Add the component HTML tag in a page.
    * To create new pages in the `src/pages` folder, ensure you import the JS and CSS (refer to the `src/pages/index.html` of your generated project).
2.  `npm start`
3.  ???
4.  Profit.

## Publishing

1.  Open a command prompt in the directory of the component.

>     * Example: You created a component named `omelette-au-fromage`, you then need to open a command prompt in `src/components/omelette-au-fromage`.

Reviewer: I'm a bit confused about the wording here.

```suggestion
    * Example: If you created a component named `omelette-au-fromage`, you would need to open a command prompt in `src/components/omelette-au-fromage`.
```
